The aim of this project is to create a centralized relational Hotel Database Application that is structured to have relations between the stored records. Our database system is based on hotel management application which has operations of storing, deleting, updating, and maintaining various data that includes attributes such as Customers, Rooms, Price, Transactions and other elements that are vital in providing helpful information to the user. In terms of functionality of the system, it should be able to keep track of its employees in each of its respective branches along with their assigned managers. Users are able to put a scenario of the customer booking a room or booking an event and track the branch in which the booking has been made. Furthermore, there are records that are generated from any transactions that occur at the various branches along with the customers and rooms associated with that transaction. The system should enable users to book rooms and provide details on the various types of rooms as well as its availability and any seasonal offers and prices. There are also constraints that have been implemented to ensure accuracy, integrity, and consistency in the database. For example, when the customer tries to book an event at a branch, the system ensures that there are no other events occurring at that branch. Additionally, as a different constraint, the system will also ensure that the rooms which the customer can book are available. This is achieved through input constraints which restrict users from booking a room that is currently occupied. In conclusion, this framework offers flexibility with well-designed structure to the users and make their tasks more at ease in converting the records into useful information.   
